So
How should I pack?
Dude... it's LA.
So?
It's sunny through the week.
Nice!
I've been wanting some bronzing!
Right?
Dude, are you ok?
(on phone) you're doing the right thing.
alright just don't need to jump to conclusions and get all melodramatic.
Trust me, I wanted to
and get any sleep last night.
I read the letter like a hundred times.
Creepy!
Wouldn't you?
Yeah, but who knows what the context of the letter was right?
I mean, I confused about how I even ended up with your stuff
I just hope that...
it's not what it sounds like cause
cause then I'd hate her! And that's too bad because judging by her profile pic
she's is CUTE!
No
Cause this would be all too familiar
Yeah
Sorry man
Let's give her the benefit of the doubt
You're seeing her today?
Yeah
I'm going up right now actually
(on phone) good luck.
Thanks, see you soon.
(lounge music)
No, no, no! I said two, a table for two.
Yes! Two, the number between one and three!
It doesn't sound like any other number, why can't you understand me?
Look, forget about it.
Just keep the reservation under Jeremy
Fine
What floor?
Same one
So do you live here?
No, you?
considering
now
why'd you ask
oh hello Jeremy Lin um what are you
doing here I was in the neighborhood and
I wanted to say hi to gene oh cool oh
how exciting I haven't had a visitor in
ages and you know why I was just making
some iced tea you'd like to have some oh
I'm actually not a visitor oh but I am
here to tell you that you just won the
hundred-dollar sweepstakes yeah thank
you that check will be in the mail she
home no not right now does she know
you're here no I'm trying to surprise
her can't wait inside oh I don't know if
so many people in there it's really
crowded you can wait out here there's no
one inside I don't hear a single person
okay let's seriously stop
hey Daniel you're here early came here
to return something to you where did you
get that somehow ended up my things I
don't know did you read it is there
something in here you don't want me to
see it's just personal did you read it
are you trying to hide this from me
what's going on with you and Jamie
I didn't know it was yours okay so when
you realize that you still kept reading
what difference does it make you've been
lying to me this whole time no I haven't
all right what's this letter about okay
so about half a year ago Jeremy my
boyfriend at the time moved out here for
a job after a few months he got more and
more busy and we began to drift apart
one day out of nowhere he called it off
when I knew I was coming out to LA I was
just going through a really emotional
time and I wrote this stupid letter okay
I even laughed about it the next day
don't try to downplay this cuz it
sounded more serious than that you're
just trying to cover up that you've been
chasing both of us I cannot believe that
you would just assume the worst about me
without hearing my side why are you
acting like this okay fine that's here
what's the point you've already decided
what you want to believe all that should
matter is that we met and things were
good why can't you just be happy about
that instead you want to bring up my
path because if we never met you still
be going after him you know I felt
stupid about writing this letter but I'm
glad now because it's showing me the
kind of person you really are insecure
and jealous forget it good luck with
Jeremy if you happy to see Daniel
there's nothing going on between me and
Jeremy
gee you are
you need to figure yourself out
don't feel like dealing with any more
your baggage
Daniel wait where are you going find a
post office I have to mail out a check
some nice old lady
got this for you
was he asking about living here please
stop talking
you